README split, edits, examples (#346)
diffkemp/diffkemp: docs/examples/musl_library.md

`snapshot-musl-1.2.3` and `snapshot-musl-1.2.4`. We could make the snapshots
with the following command:

```sh
diffkemp build musl-1.2.3 snapshot-musl-1.2.3
diffkemp build musl-1.2.4 snapshot-musl-1.2.4
```

Because the `compare` command by default compares all functions, there would be
a lot of functions. We can change this by specifying a list of functions
which should be analyzed. This can be useful if you want to try it on your
library which has API functions for which you want to check if the semantic did
not change without checking all functions.

We can specify the functions by creating a file with the function
names (each name on a single line). Let's name the file `function_list`. It
could look for example like this:

```txt
sin
cos
open
sem_post
dlopen
fork
```

Then to build the snapshots we will provide the command with the location of the
file:

```sh
diffkemp build musl-1.2.3 snapshot-musl-1.2.3 function_list
diffkemp build musl-1.2.4 snapshot-musl-1.2.4 function_list
```

Building of the snapshots will take some time.

## 3. Comparing two versions of the library

After creating the snapshots, we can compare them. Because there are many

> functions, using the `--stdout` argument (printing the result to standard

Reviewer: Maybe we could mention `--report-stat` here since that allows to see at least some statistics about the analysis that could be useful?

Author: Thanks, I added it to the example and added mention about the `--extended-stat` option.

output) isn't the best idea. We can use the `-o` option followed by the
directory name to which the result will be saved:

```sh

> diffkemp compare snapshot-musl-1.2.{3,4} -o diff-snapshot-musl-1.2.3-snapshot-musl-1.2.4

Reviewer: I am not a big fan of this `{3, 4}`. I think that a new user should be able to copy paste every command from the example without any change and have it run just fine. I know you probably did this to save space but I'd rather drop `-o` or replace it with `-o diff` or something short :)

Author: So the command is functional at least when using bash ([brace expansion](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/Brace-Expansion.html)), not sure if the syntax is valid in other shells, so I will rather change it, thanks.

Reviewer: Oh cool, I didn't know about this feature. It works in zsh too but maybe some more minimal shells may not have this, I don't think it is a standard feature. And also I think that a lot of people may not know about this so it could cause confusion

```

If the `function_list` was used when building the snapshots then the
`diff-snapshot-musl-1.2.3-snapshot-musl-1.2.4` directory should contain
following files:

```txt
diffkemp-out.yaml
dlopen.diff
fork.diff
sem_post.diff
```

If there are no differences found then the directory is not even created.

## 4. Going through the results

In the directory, there are multiple files, the files with extension `.diff`

> represents compared functions in which were found differences. So in our case,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
represents compared functions in which differences were found. So in our case,
```

if we compared `sin`, `cos`, `open`, `sem_post`, `dlopen` and `fork`
functions, we can see that the `dlopen`, `fork` and `sem_post` functions
contain semantic differences according to DiffKemp. The files contain more

> details about the differences, let's look eg. in the `dlopen.diff` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
details about the differences, let's look e.g., in the `dlopen.diff` file:
```
